most people believe that God the
universe or their own efforts are
dictating their Destiny but in reality
nothing has shaped your life more than
your parents and today I'm going to
explain to you what you can do in order
to gain back your power and to not
become like your parents let's get into
this first of all I want to explain to
you that your subconscious mind is being
programmed in a relaxed State and this
is where brain waves come into play from
birth to around 7 years old your brain
mostly operates in feta and Alpha brain
waves feta and Alpha brain waves are
your brain waves in a relaxed State when
you're lying down when you're being
relaxed when you're about to sleep your
brain is going to produce feta and Alpha
brain waves and these two brain waves
create a bridge between the unconscious
and the conscious who was there when you
were 0 to S it was your parents or your
caretakers at this time so
unintentionally or
intentionally your parents your
caretakers installed beliefs which are
now ruling and dictating in your whole
life your sense of worth your sense of
love your sense of success and even how
you handle relationships and money if
you do not learn to reprogram those
beliefs then you will repeat the
patterns of your parents of your
caretakers even if you do not want to
even if you are so aware and you do not
want to be like like them you will be if
you are not learning how to reprogram
your subconscious now how did your
parents exactly program your
subconscious mind the subconscious mind
doesn't differentiate between good or
bad and yes I accept this or I don't
accept that no honey your subconscious
mind is only absorbing what it is
getting especially when you are a child
your subconscious is like a sponge so
whatever you see whatever you hear
whatever you learn you were not
analyzing what your parents are doing if
that's right or not you were simply
absorbing it and seeing it as the truth
now if your parents made you feel
unloved for example you carry that
frequency deep down in you even if
you're not aware of it and life keeps
reflecting that onto you life will bring
you people and circumstances to feel you
unloved if your parents made you feel
like a burden you will keep attracting
people and circumstances that will
reinforce that exact feeling but if they
instilled confidence in you if they
spoiled you if they made you feel loved
you naturally approach life expecting
success expecting life is good
everything is good everything is going
easy everything is going well your
dominant emotional state determines your
frequency and your frequency becomes
your reality your thoughts alone do
actually not become reality we have so
many thoughts if every and each one of
our thoughts would become reality we
would be in serious problems but
thoughts and emotional charge that's
what's going to be your reality actually
your emotions are the biggest
shareholder of your frequency and again
your frequency becomes your reality and
every thought you have that is
emotionally charged is going to be in
your reality sooner or later this is why
two people can have the same thought but
a different outcome in their reality if
one person for example example thinks I
am successful but emotionally they feel
unworthy they feel they cannot trust
themselves they feel they cannot make it
their emotional charge overrides their
thought and at the end the universe
reflects who you are at the subconscious
level and not who you want to be as
within so without this means your
internal world shap Apes your external
world if you feel internally ignored for
example life will keep putting you into
situations where you will feel ignored
if you internally feel unsafe you will
attract relationships and environments
that mirror that instability if you feel
distrust you will attract more people
and more circumstances in your life you
cannot trust that you cannot trust
yourself and other people but if you
feel abundant internally you will
automatically attract people and
circumstances and an environment that
will reinforce that feeling you will
naturally experience wealth and attract
more and more opportunities that's also
why rich people get richer and why rich
kids have it easy to be rich and wealthy
because that's what they know since
their childhood that's how they are
programmed from Child already your
subconscious beliefs are exactly like a
script and life is just acting it out
until you change that script you will
keep living the same story no matter how
much effort you put into changing those
circumstances now your subconscious mind
is programmed with two main factors
first first
repetition things you keep hearing and
experiencing over and over again and the
second one emotional charge events that
carry really strong emotional reactions
whether positive or negative so
obviously your parents had the maximum
influence and impact on your
subconscious mind when you were younger
when you were in your relaxed State your
parents kept doing their patterns kept
doing their routines kept doing their
things over and over again you were very
relaxed you were in your Alpha and feta
brain waves naturally as a young kid as
a baby and you kept seeing that because
your parents were also just programs
they were repeating their programs over
and over again and those experiences is
yes They Carried emotional weight on you
that's also why childhood traumas and
experiences don't just go away your mind
your subconscious actually doesn't no
time for your subconscious those
experiences you are reliving it every
single day and this is also the reason
why people keep attracting toxic
relationships why people keep having
difficulty this with having success why
people keep having money struggles why
people keep self sabotaging them they
are running on Old programs that were
instilled by their parents even if they
don't consciously remember the source
now how can you break that cycle this is
literally a cycle your parents were
simply programmed from their parents
from society now you are programmed from
your parents from their parents and so
on someone has to break that cycle if
not you are going to give those programs
your kids and your kids will probably
give it their kids and so on I told you
already earlier if you do not reprogram
your subconscious you will become your
parents the one way or the other even if
you do not want to even if you think oh
no I'm aware of it I would never do this
yes you will honey unfortunately yes you
will you either transmute it or you will
repeat it there is nothing in between
now how can you transmute that
subconscious programming how can you
break that generational trauma I want
you to get in a relaxed State lie down
sit down in a state where you feel okay
now I feel relaxed I
feel I can breathe I feel really relaxed
and then then I I want you to think
about that specific childhood memory or
many childhood memories but choose one
it will pop up in your mind immediately
and you are reexperiencing
that experience you are really living
that experience where your parents made
you feel unloved where they made you
feel they can't trust you where they
made you feel abused where they made you
feel taken advantage of where they
literally abused I know that's not easy
and that's not a fun experience that's
not a fun thing to do but if you want to
finally break that cycle you got to do
it honey so lie down get in a relaxed
State and then take your time and
re-experience that exact moment and I
want you to experience that moment with
the polarity of emotion than what you
felt when you were younger if they made
you feel unworthy imagine yourself in
that situation feeling valued feeling
loved feeling
worthy if they made you feel powerless
re-experience that situation feeling in
control of that situation feeling strong
if they made you feel like you can't be
trusted you can't trust yourself they
cannot trust you experience that moment
feeling loved feeling fully trusted
feeling cherished whatever the opposite
is feel the opposite while
reexperiencing that moment and this
isn't unfortunately it isn't a one-time
exercise for most of the people you have
to keep doing that so the repetition and
that emotional charge keeps stuck into
your subconscious and your subconscious
finally will accept it as the new Truth
by time and once your subconscious is
accepting that new truth your life will
begin reflecting this new frequency onto
you your life will bring you
circumstances and people to reflect that
new frequency that new emotion that you
carry within you if it If It's Love if
it's trust if it's wealth whatever it is
that you
transmuted this is what life will
reflect you confidence power wealth and
so on do this exercise with as many
experiences as many moments you had as
your child as many moments that you can
remember but the most important moments
are the moments with the most intense
emotional charge if you manage to
rewrite that script if you manage to
rewrite that truth to your subconscious
your whole life is going to change now I
want to end this video with saying this
video is not about blaming your parents
not at all I want you to actually be
empathic with your parents and
understanding not saying that anything
they did or not did is correct is okay
okay but you have to understand your
parents are living life are being humans
also the first time for them and they
are also just programs they are just
programs being programmed from their
parents being programmed from society
and so on luckily nowadays we have
access to so much more information we
have access to YouTube we have access to
people who know more more than other
people we have access to more awareness
than they did that's why I want you to
come from a place of empathy and
understanding you do not have to forgive
them you do not have to say hey it's
fine what you did you don't have to love
them I just want you to understand them
that they were also just programs if
they hurt you it's because they were
hurt when they were younger if they
neglected you it's because they were
neglected when they were younger and if
you're not going to do your work you
will hurt your kids you will neglect
your kids you will do the same to them
even if you do not want to you have to
do the work in order to change that so
awareness is the first step and you are
not obligated to carry their wounds you
are not obligated to carry your moms
your dads your caregivers wounds but you
can choose to
transmute rather than transmit that and
until you do that life will keep
repeating itself life will keep showing
up as a reflection of your old programs
unfortunately same disappointments the
same struggles the same toxic Cycles the
same toxic relationships and so on
because again reality is just responding
to your internal but honey keep in mind
the moment you start to reprogram your
subconscious is the moment your whole
life is going to change the moment your
reality must change not because you hope
it will but because it has no other
chance baby girl do not forget you have
way more power than you think and your
past does not define you unless you let
it thank you so much for watching I love
you so much and I see you in my next
video bye- bye